there is a popular forum on Reddit where users post awkward social scenarios and publicly ask the question am I the asshole Norweigan director Joachim Trier melancholy romantic drama The Worst Person In The World is the closest thing to a movie version of that community.
As the title character, Renate Reinsve plays Julie, a listless young woman living and loving and pouting in Oslo. She is your typical, indecisive, bourgeoisie Millennial dreamed up by a fortysomething male filmmaker. Over the course of twelve dreary chapters, a prologue, and an epilogue, Julie moves in with an older cartoonist, has an affair with a charming barista, does drugs, and mopes. She is conflicted about everything.
If this were an American movie, there would have been more pop music montages and fewer conversations about death. It turns out the worst person in the world is just an asshole, and a selfcentered one.
Supporters of the Marcos family say the period was a time of progress and prosperity, characterized by the building of major infrastructure projects like hospitals, roads and bridges. Critics say that was an illusion and those projects were driven by widespread corruption, foreign loans and ballooning debt.
The Marcos legacy still haunts the survivors of martial law atrocities. They ask how the country could be so quick to forgive the Marcos years and fear what will happen if a Marcos is once again allowed to rule.
At the time, the Philippines had been living under martial law for almost a decade, a period of time when rights groups say tens of thousands of people were imprisoned, tortured or killed for perceived or real criticism of the government.
But the latest statement from the country top leaders has made it clear that the Chinese government is doubling down on its approach of relying on swift lockdowns, mass testing and quarantine to squash the highly transmissible Omicron variant for the foreseeable future.
Wu Qiang, a political analyst in Beijing, said since April, the question over how the government should deal with the country worst outbreak since Wuhan has evolved into a path struggle within the party.